## Description
GsmAsync was implemented to reduce the complexity of communicating with GSM (SIM800, SIM900) modules. The solution GsmAsync performes an event-driven communication, so user code doesn't need to *wait* for answer arriving from the GSM module.

GsmAsync provides two basic features:
* You can add commands to the command-queue, where next command will be executed automatically uppon success. 
* You can register callbacks that are called, when the designated answer arrives from the GSM module.

Besides that, GsmAsync also provides **timeout** and **error** handling.

## Working principals

### Command execution
Fortunatelly the communication protocol of the GSM modules is very consistent. You will issue an *AT* command to the module, where it will respond with an answer. And the sentence always finished with *OK* on success.

You put your commands to the command-queue provided by GsmAsync, and the commands will be executed automatically one after an other. The next command will be sent when got *OK* answer for the previous one. If no answer arrives within a time period\*, the command will be resent. The sending will be retried for some times\*\* but finally a *timeout* event will be generated if the GSM module is not responding.

If an *ERROR* result arrives instead of the *OK*, an *error* event will be generated by the GsmAsync library.

### Response subscription

When you request a value from the GSM module the module will likely answer with a strict format. E.g.
```
> AT+CSQ    <--- Signal quality request
+CSQ: 31,0  <--- Response
OK          <--- End of result marker
```

Using this example you can subscribe to an answer *"+CSQ:"* with specifying a custom callback method. Your method will be called, when the response prefix matches with your subscription.

## Interface description

This is an informal description of the GsmAsync class methods, for more detailed documentation please wisit GsmAsync.h .

```
void timeoutHandler();
void errorHandler();
GsmAsync gsmAsync(&Serial1, timeoutHandler, errorHandler);
...
void loop()
{
  gsmAsync.doLoop();
}
```

When you create the GsmAsync instance, you will need to provide a reference to the communication channel. Usually this is a HardwareSerial port. You can also provide a timeout handler and an error handler method reference to control problems.
doLoop() must be called as frequently as possible to let GsmAsync check for input and to handle timings.

```
    gsmAsync.addCommand("AT+CSQ"); // Ask for signal quality report
    gsmAsync.addCommand("AT+CCLK?"); // Ask for the time
```

You can add commands to the command queue. Commands will be executed one after an other.

```
void handleCsq(char* result);
GsmHandler csqHandler = { "+CSQ:", handleCsq };
...
void setup() {
...
  gsmAsync.registerHandler(&csqHandler);
}
...
void handleCsq(char* result)
{
  int rssi;
  sscanf(result, "%d", &rssi);
  Serial.print("Signal quality:");
  Serial.println(rssi);
}

```
